add error handling example (#115)
fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk: README.md

  - This example upserts all data types without specifying a schema.
- **[update_and_delete](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/examples/common_patterns_for_connectors/update_and_delete)**
  - This example shows how to handle composite primary keys while using update and delete operations with a PostgreSQL database as the data source.

> - **[error_handling](/examples/common_patterns_for_connectors/errors)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **[error_handling](https://github.com/fivetran/fivetran_connector_sdk/tree/main/examples/common_patterns_for_connectors/errors)**
```

>   - This example shows how to handle errors throughout the Connector SDK process and is driven by the configuration.json error_simulation_type value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This example shows how to handle errors throughout your Connector SDK implementation and is driven by the configuration.json error_simulation_type value.
```

I think you need to clarify this statement ` is driven by the configuration.json error_simulation_type value` its not very clear
